dawn meerkats need to soak up the warmth
of the Rising Sun to get fully active
the temperature in the Kalahari steadily
climbs as high as 70 Celsius on the
ground mere cough can only tolerate
short bursts of activity in the morning
and evening
this means they need to be very
efficient of gathering food so they
quarter their territory traveling
several kilometers a day
tasty beetles and scorpion look are
common in this grassy desert but finding
them means spending a lot of time with
your head in the sand so meerkats are
very vulnerable to predators to protect
the group young males take turns keeping
watch this frees the others up to keep
hunting scorpions have a lethal sting of
mere cast a faster liking for Kalahari
is high levels of rainfall mean food is
plentiful year-round